Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Did you smoke?
Morning duckling.
How am I supposed to work
with him screaming non-stop?
Good morning. grumpy.
I'm going to put some Palinca in his milk.
Give him to the gypsies.
Hey!
I'm finished.
- Finished...
- I'm finished!
- You haven't finished. Sit down and eat!
- I'm full!
Easy. easy...
You're going to get it!
I'm almost done.
Take your time and finish.
I'll be back in a minute. yes?
Yes?
I love you. bye.
Will you talk to Yusuf about the heating?
- Are you so scared?
- I'm not scared.
Time to go.
Talk to him!
Funny guy!
What?
Good luck!
Are you friends with that boy?
Why don't you come and ask him yourself?
Flying away?
Bye. duckling.
Bye.
Do you have a lot to do?
Don't stay up too late.
Maybe go talk to mum if you finish before bed...
Okay.
She'd like that...
Sleep well.
Have you heard from dad?
Not yet.
Have you got your hot water bottle?
Enough with the phone.
Just a bit longer.
Goodnight.
What happened?
- Why are you up so early?
- What happened?
- Babies are sleeping...
- Tell me!
There was a little thing with the bike.
It broke down but it's okay.
How much?
I just took it to the garage.
At four in the morning?
It's just some guys.
What guys?
And then Victor gave me a lift home.
Did you smoke?
I guess I'm taking the bus...?
Miri's old enough to walk.
I have time to walk her.
Are you sure?
I don't like her walking alone around here.
We have enough to pay the rent.
How long 'til the bike's fixed?
Tonight... tonight.
What if it's not ready?
They will just lend you another?
You had me worried...
I don't need you to walk with me.
I thought it would be nice.
We can chat.
About what?
Whatever you want.
What is it now?
Come here!
Dad. what are you doing?!
Dad. stop!
What did you do?
Let go of him!
Dad... please!
You don't understand!
What?
Come back!
Come back here right now!
Stop!
Leave me alone!
Stop now!
It's me.
- What's up?
Any word on the bike?
It's fine.
- I have kind of bad news.
Are you okay?
- The lady I was working for today.
she came home early. found Toma...
So what?
You know this...
I'm not allowed to bring the kid to work.
I think she made a complaint.
- I don't know what we're going to do.
- Are you picking up Miri?
I'll try.
- I thought you said you could?
I will!
- You'll be able to work this evening?
- Hello?
Got to run.
- Did you talk about the heating?
- I love you